Hey guys, welcome back to the course.
All right. So we have a big, bad list of assumptions that
we've made about our proposed feature or product.
And in that big, bad list we've identified the order and the priority
in which we should figure out, "Hey, is this true?"
Now, your goal at this point is to steadily and methodically
start testing these assumptions one by one
and ruling them out as potential issues
that could blow up down the road.
But we can't do that until we first solve a new problem
we have. An assumption list is just a raw list of things we roughly
think need to be true for the success of our product.
These assumptions are not precise
and they're not particularly actionable.
If I said, go build an MVP that tests the assumption of
"People are satisfied parking in a garage," you would
probably say, "I don't know what you're talking about."
We need something we can more easily work with.
We need to take our assumptions, flesh them out a little bit more, and roll them together into their much
more specific and easier to deal with sibling, the hypothesis.
So what is a hypothesis?
It's a single, written, testable statement of what you believe
to be true with regards to the assumption you've identified. Now,
I know that's a mouthful, so let's break it down
and explain it a little bit more.
Let's say that we had identified that "People are not
satisfied with parking in a garage" as a particularly
hairy assumption we were making.
Remember, this is from that Zirx example
that we covered previously - check that one out
if you're lost. We would probably think of running
some sort of test to see if that assumption was true.
It can be as simple as doing street surveys of people
leaving garages on a Friday night or maybe it's an ad
we've run that says "Parking in garages sucks" and we see who responds to that ad, or maybe we plan to pitch an alternative,
and how many people will then vote with their feet
and start using the parking garages.
The point here though is that it doesn't matter yet
how we get our data and how we run our test.
The simple fact is that we cannot construct a test
around "People are not satisfied with parking."
We need to get more specific.
We need to identify who exactly we think are unsatisfied,
how unsatisfied they are, and potentially things
like why we think they're unsatisfied.
All of this information is crucial for you to understand.
Now, there's a reason why MVPs are more correctly called
MVP experiments - and yes, if you say, "Oh my god,
Evan, look at my MVP," I'm going to correct you, because, come on.
Now, because we don't want to waste any of
our resources pursuing our new product or feature,
we need to treat this entire process like a science experiment.
And the best way to focus our efforts is on one
singular hypothesis, something we can try to prove true.
A hypothesis brings clarity not only to you,
but the rest of your team.
If you skip this stage, you run the risk of, down the road,
forgetting what exactly you're trying to do in the first place.
So, in the next couple of lectures, we're going to try
to cover how to put these together. As a matter of
it's going to be up to you whether or not you want to
build a hypothesis for every single assumption
you have, or you want to build a hypothesis that, if proven true,
could rule out several assumptions, killing
multiple assumption birds with one MVP stone.
We'll cover both, stay tuned.